Fix mounting docs and readme (#807)
starlite-api/starlite: docs/usage/1-routing/5-mounting-asgi-apps.md

`/some/sub-path/abc` and `/some/sub-path/123/another/sub-path` etc.

!!! info Technical Details

>     If we were to send a request to the above with the url `/some/sub-path`, the handler will be invoked and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If we are sending a request to the above with the url `/some/sub-path`, the handler will be invoked and
```
Otherwise the sentence reads a bit weird
